Happy birthday paragraph

Happy birthday paragraph to MY Dear Husband



Happy birthday sweetheart, I’m wishing you long life and prosperity, thank you for your love and care for me.



Happy birthday to the king of my heart, and the love of my life, I adore every single moment with you.



Happy birthday, you are such an amazing soul, thank God I found you.



To my wonderful husband, who made an amazing world in my heart, happy birthday to you, you are the best husband in the world.



Just this morning when I opened my eyes, my heart is filled with your beautiful thought, this is how it has been ever since the first day that I met you, happy birthday my love.



You are the happiness that never cease flowing to my heart, happy birthday to you sweet heart.



Today is more than just a birthday celebration for you, it is the celebration for a great husband, great father and a great hero, happy birthday my love.



Happy birthday to my dear husband, you are truly a blessing to me, ever since I found you my heart has been so peaceful, thank you for kindles, care and love for me, I promise to keep your love in my heart forever and to take good care of you too, just you have been amazing to me too.



You are the best husband in the world, and you deserve the best of every thing, I cup up my palm in beautiful prayers for you as you clock another wonderful year today, happy birthday my love.



As beautiful as the light of the moon and the morning sun, they are never come near the beautiful light that your love cast in my heart, happy to be with you always and forever more, happy birthday my sweet love.



Happy birthday, though today is special day for you, but every day is always a special to spend with you, thank you for being such a lovely husband to me, I promise to be the best woman that I can be to you too.




Rise and shine, today is your beautiful day, happy! Happy!! Birthday to you my love.



Another great year has just past, hurrah! You are a year older today, wishing you a beautiful day all the time, happy birthday my sweet heart.




You are the hero of the world, I have never found someone as wonderful as you are, let the beautiful people of the world join me in wishing an amazing soul happy birthday.



It have a wonderful year full of God’s blessing for you, as you clock another year today, I’m wishing more of God’s blessings, happy birthday dear husband.



A life of success, a life of happiness, and a life of peace and harmony are all what I wish you, happy birthday my dearest.



I never knew that I would be so happy in life until I found you, you truly the hero of my life, happy birthday to you, wishing you a life full of God’s glory.



You have been a beautiful soul mate, every thing you ever did to me are always beautiful, just as you been amazing to me, I promise to be your beautiful smile too, happy birthday.



You are so amazing; I have never come across a man as lovely as you are, thank you for making my life beautiful, and happy birthday to you.



You are born a great man, may life continue to receive sunshine, may heart be filled with contentment, wishing you many happy returns, happy birthday to you.



With cheering heart and gratitude to God, I wish my darling husband happy birthday.



You are always there when I need you, you treat me with care and love, my heart is full of your love, happy with you on this great day my love, happy birthday.



I’m happy to share my life with you, you are the greatest joy in my heart, so happy birthday a thousand times.



Your thoughts are always fresh and sweet in my heart, I can’t wait to throw my hands around you and celebrate this beautiful day with you, happy birthday to you.



You make me happy all the time that I have spent with you, wishing you too happiness and peace forever, happy birthday to you.



In a beautiful day as this, my heart is full gratitude to the Lord for keeping safe and healthy all through the years, happy birthday to you.



Life is beautiful to spend it with you, you are like an angel to me, you make every single day a sweet memory for me, happy birthday my love, wishing you a wonderful years ahead.



As you add another beautiful year today, I wish you long and prosperous life, happy birthday to you.



It is great day for you love, hurrah! You have added another beautiful year today, I’m the happiest woman on earth because I found a wonderful husband like you, wishing you more years of happiness ahead.


Every single day that passes, I pray to spend with you, you have been the happiest thing in my heart ever since the first day that I met you, and today is the most special day for us, we are celebrating the life of wonderful person like you, happy birthday darling, I would always love you.



Having you in my life was the greatest thing that has ever happen to me, I appreciate every single moment that we shared to together, thank God that join us as husband and wife, and today I’m wishing you a resounding happy birthday.



May your heart be full of peace and harmony as you celebrate your birthday, you are the hero of my life and the 
sweetest thing in my heart, happy birthday to the most loving husband in the world.



You are lovely husband and a great father, thank God for you beautiful life, sit back and enjoy every moment that we have to spend with you today, happy birthday my honey.



I’m happily saying happy birthday to the only man that make me happy.



Happy birthday to you my sweet heart, I’m wishing you so many glorious years ahead.



Happy birthday to you my kind, you are the best husband in the world, thank you for all the love and care you have for me.



Happy birthday to my better half, I have never found an amazing person like you, I’m blessed to have you in my life.



Dearest, happy birthday to you, I must confess to you that ever since you come into my life, you have made every thing beautiful for me, I can’t wait to get to the dancing floor with you.



Happy birthday to you my sweet heart, you are the most charming husband in the world, keep doing what you are doing to me, I love every bit of the time I spent in your arms.



Happy birthday to my love, my heart, and my crown, you make me found peace and harmony in loving you.



Hurrah! It’s a special moment for the most special person in the world, you would always have my heart for you forever, happy birthday and many happy returns.


Every single morning when I woke up beside you, I said thank God for the gift of a wonderful husband like you, and today is gonna be a day of celebration for us, let’s pour the Champaign, happy birthday.



Happy birthday to the cutest man alive, you are the world to me, I’m happy to be with you.



Happy birthday to the man that make my heart beat faster in sweet melody, you are surely the most caring heart in the world, I cherish you.



It has a beautiful year full of happy memories with you, I would always be by your side, no matter what happen tomorrow, happy birthday to you my heart.



I choose to be with you because I found peace in my heart to love you, happy birthday my handsome, wishing you many years of success and happiness.



It’s a toast of happiness and success, happy birthday my love.
 



Happy birthday paragraph to My Wife

You are beautiful, you are adorable, and you the best thing that has ever happen in my life, happy birthday to you my dear wife.



Thank God that I found such a beautiful soul mate like you, without you my life is incomplete, happy birthday my heart.



I have always been a happy husband o find an amazing wife like you, you make my life happy to live, happy birthday honey, counting more blessings of life with you.



Dear wife, happy birthday, I want to let you know that you are so beautiful and cheerful to live with, I promise to take good care of you.



You are always a beautiful soul mate to me, I’m blessed to have you as my wife, wishing a memorable celebration, happy birthday to you.



You are the most gorgeous woman all over the world, happy birthday and thank you for being my beautiful world.



I never knew how beautiful life could be until I found you, happy birthday my sweet melody.
You came into my life and make my life a wonderful place, with heart full of happiness and joy, I wish you my dearest wife, happy birthday.



Happy birthday, you are just too amazing for me.



Happy birthday sweet heart, you are the angel of my heart. I would love you.



Like a beautiful flower, you keep glowing every day, wishing more splendid years ahead, happy birthday.




Happy birthday to you my lovely wife, your love shines in my heart as the light of a full moon, you my angel.




I’m happy to have you in my life, happy to live with you, happy birthday to you my sweet heart.




You are my every day sweet dream; nothing would ever make to stop loving you, happy birthday to you my special heart.



Happy birthday to you, I’m so happy to have a wonderful woman like you as my wife, you are my dream come true.



You are my sweet wife, my all, and my happiness, happy birthday to you my joy.


You are my every day happiness; it is cheerful with you, praying for more memorable life together, happy birthday to you.



You are irreplaceable, you a beautiful soul mate, I can look back and give thanks to God that I found a beautiful soul like you, happy birthday, wishing you more love years in life.



You are the sunrise of my life, do you that I celebrate you every day, but today I celebrate more, happy birthday to you my angel.

